---
title: 75
sub_title: 7 days of minimal 6
audio: 75
---
I have been really finding it difficult to be inspired recently when creating sounds in the Nord Modular, specifically these last handful of days, and although I have been reasonably pleased with the results, it has been really hard going some days, with todays being no different. Of course, this comes as no surprise and I am sure any of you who create your own work will be all to familiar with having 'one of those days'.

With the exception of perhaps my being quite busy recently and also being a little out of touch with time and routine since being back from Montreal, I think a big part of this slight frustration is due to my having not listened to much music of late. Although many of our own sounds have been playing in our home as we create new work, it has been rare that someone else's sounds have filled our home, or have we left it to visit galleries or attend events.

I have decided tomorrow to set some time aside in the morning to listen to an album I have been looking forward to since hearing of its release, along with some other releases I have picked up recently. 

I wonder how much time we all set aside these days to actually sit and listen to an album, and actually listen to it, and maybe listen to it more than once, without the temptation to check emails or twitter how you might be feeling about the album as you listen to it. 

Obviously the issues of the modern day being one full of information is nothing new to us, and yet even so with our knowing we are still very much in the process of learning how to use these social tools. I wonder if we will feel ever in control of information and be 'up to speed' as the pace of its development seems to move ever faster.

A few days ago I sat in a Queens Park, it was cold, but I was determined to stay long enough to think, and for a moment or two that was exactly what I did, but yet it wasn't long until I found myself checking to see what internet access there might be nearby, or if I should take a photo of a tree to share with someone who cares to look at one on their small screen, but who will probably ignore them in real life. This made me think of how we perceive and digest this rapid flurry of information, regardless of its intentions held by its sender.

I want to breath fresh air and maybe visit the ocean I so easily took for granted, and do nothing more than simply be outside and think.