---
title: 109
sub_title: Loop model 1.
audio: 109
---

Todays upload is an attempt at finding was to create sounds that have a loop-like quality to them.

Looping is something I have always worked with a great deal in the past and I have always loved the sound, yet with synthesizers such as the Nord Modular, this looping is kind of lost to be replaced with sounds that although sometimes repetitive, simply do not loop in the same way.

For many of us, creating music in the early years has often been troubled when trying to loop something like tones, strings or similar sounds. The problem being there is often a perceivable edge to the loop, a modulation of the two sounds or a point that detracts from the sound, to ultimately reveal more the sound of the looping itself. Although this can be quite nice, when not desired a tactic I would use to get around this problem, as does pretty much everyone else in the world, is instead in hiding the looping point the choice would be in emphasising it. This would not only mean the click or thud of the looping point would be more considered, but the actual shape of the track would change dramatically too. This emphasis would shift away from sustained sounds into creating a more rhythmical quality to the loop and track, changing it into something quite different.

I have taken some interest in tracks or work that are more exercises in loops, as apposed to those simply made up of them. I wonder about this way of using loops, with there purpose partially informing the style of the track, and is perhaps being lost or overlooked with the overly embellished features available to us now in the modern software that we have access to these days. 

It can be easy to forget the language of tracks from the past, or the methods we might have used to create them, as we adjust ourselves, as we adjust our technology.

I hope with todays sound a reminder might occur to some of those older techniques used in older equipment or times past, and maybe we might revisit them, taking with us our new and present day perspective.

Enjoy todays upload.