---
title: 127
sub_title: R.I.P MCA.
audio: 127
---

Todays upload has a slight somber tone to it, that could be a result of the bad news we have all heard of MCA of the Beastie Boys passing away.

Often in these circumstances we tend to look at ourselves, although we might not admit this, and we will look at such things as what we hoped to have done by now, what we regret not doing when we had the chance, and hopefully make an adjustment to ourselves in order to take control of our life that little bit more, as it is truly a very short and fragile one, and there is really only one that we have.

And yet time will tick by leaving that upsetting reminder, and we will in all likely become complacent with our life once again and perhaps fall into a situation or position in our life that is perhaps not what we imagined for ourselves. We might feel trapped by circumstances, or fear or excuses.

There is something I have learnt in my life through experience, that I am always reminded of, and that is life, 'our' life, can change as quickly as a flip of a coin, we have to just want it to. 

There is a saying, 'dreaming of a better life'…I would change that to 'creating a better life'.

It is true we need to fight for our right to do what we believe in, and sometimes the rest just don't seem to understand what we believe in. The radios wont play us, but when we listen to ourselves, then we know what needs to be done, and we should simply just do it.

I think what saddens me the most, is knowing how much time has passed since I first experienced the Beastie Boys, read Grand Royal magazine, and learned of all the other talent they have introduced me to that has influenced me or inspired me, and realising that time can pass again in a blink of an eye. 

As Ferris Bueller once said on that fine morning during his day off, “Life moves pretty fast, if you don't stop and look around once in a while…you could miss it”