---
title: 328
sub_title: Pulse click dub.
audio: 328
---

For tonights upload I have revisited an <a href="http://www.mono-log.org/snd_215/" title="older TB-303 emulation patch">older TB-303 emulation patch</a> I previously created, this time exploring further into the dub texture in the more recent uploads.

Although the initial uploads have avery obvious dub groove, at the time I was yet to get he Space Echo back in my studio, neither did I have the Inkel Mixer, or other little bits.

As mentioned previously, again I am enjoying the creation of the recent uploads working with the effects, and am finding new techniques with the Nord that I probably wouldn't have found using it dry.

I am very much looking forward to creating uploads again without effects, to see what further methods in balancing the Nords sound I might have to find. I will obviously be a much cleaner, striped back sound by comparison. I have to say, I love that combination of no effects and lots of effects, and remember doing similar things many years ago when creating techno the first time round, using the bus and switching between pre and post fader.

Sometimes I miss having the big Mackie mixer I used to own, but remember that with the exception of what I am creating with this blog, my most favourite work was actually back before I got my mixer and had to run everything through the Roland RE-150 Space Echo, everything with lots of echo and so a careful balancing of tones and grit worked best. I think it is this reason why I am quite happy with having no aux control on the Inkel Mixer, and those similar limitations insist on using the effects as part of the sound and structure.

Fun times indeed, it almost seems like it has been to long. 

Dare I say it, I am very much enjoying making music these days, and hope you are all enjoying it with me.