---
title: 213
sub_title: De_la_y_y_y.
audio: 213
---

Some more experiments in rhythm for tonights upload, balancing and combining some of the styles I have experimented with previously. 

The main sounds combinations are the constant chords along with filter variations of it, and then the addition of short, subtle stumbling of kicks and hats.

Creating this upload and some previously, has really brought me back to ways I used to work with sound years ago. The pretty instant and total control over every single aspect of sound and how the play, is a joy to experience while working with the Nord Modular. I really love this machine and as was once said to me, I also really can see me using pretty much just this to create much of my music.

One area of creating music that I mentioned yesterday, concerning being able to stick within one genre, or more accurately one sound, is made less a problem through using one machine. The way in which the Nord insists a type of workflow, whatever that might be for its user, ensures slow and gradual change, limitations of the machine create the ideal way to find ways around them.

The practice of altering sounds dramatically in some magical plugin has neer been something I have done much of or enjoyed listening to. The simplicity of the Nord Modular on  the one hand, opens up to a staggering amount of variations within simplicity, creating a working method that is detailed, considered and yet almost always surprising.

There is most certainly a contradiction in using the Nord Modular, that it is limited and yet limitless in what it can do.

…

I want to briefly mention the patch workings as this might explain slightly as to why it sounds as it does, reveal my coices etc. 

My initial idea was to create flexible delay patch, that was also a more CPU friendly unlike one I have made previously using delaying logic modules. 

In using Control Sequencers I was able to control variations information, combing amplitudes on separate envelopes, using separate filters on the sound and delay and even patching into a rather crude ping pong effect, all helped in creating a reasonable delay sound. It is surprising what sort of things we take for granted in a delay effect that really go a long way in our understanding of it being a delay.

One main issue is to have the delay fold over, by this mean a creating of a delay that continues on over itself regardless of new triggers of it, ensuring it doesn't stop and cut out. The way I 'sort of' managed this was chaining two control sequencers together. The first, set to loop round every 32 clicks, triggering the second rafter 16 clicks that doesn't loop. The first always triggering the second every 16, ensures they basically swap the role of creating the delay.

The advantage with this type of delay over one using actual delays or triggers, is that I can easily tweak each delay event using the control settings in the sequencer, also allowing the creation of new patterns, variations on amplitude etc and use this to control all sorts of filters, pans etc

It works pretty well and I am happy to create a separate and tidy version of the file to upload somewhere for everyone to look at.

I hope you enjoy tonights sound, and thanks to everyone for supporting me on my Nord adventure.