---
title: 305
sub_title: Familiar faces, different times.
audio: 305
---

Me and Lucia spent this evening with some friends, and after returning home it made me think about how sometimes with friends there never seems to be enough time to really catch up properly.

There is either a train to catch, or work to be at, money, or some reason that results in a nice, but often hasty meet.

It make me think about the life we create for ourselves, and the decisions we make that puts us in a position whereby we feel we aren't able to do those things we wish to do. A job here, or a money concern there, not enough hours in the day, all these things are often barriers, and yet barriers of our own making. We all do it, and even if carving the perfect life, somethings have to be compromised.

It would be nice to be able to really think, really think, about what we want in life and make all our decisions based on reaching that desire, and not ones that settle for something that we don't really want, think we are better than, but yet still reluctantly accept as the choice as if it has been made for us.

I can say for certain, for someone who has lived many years struggling with this problem, as we all do, I really want to try and ensure my days from this point on are ones I want to be in, and not merely a passenger to something seemingly beyond my control.

I am not sure exactly how to explain the feeling, but sometimes something just seems to click, something falls away and allows a new perspective to emerge to an old problem and all of a sudden it seems so obvious.

I hope to see our friends again and soon, and for a longer amount of time, and will do what I can to help this happen. It seems such a simple thing, and yet so hard all at the same time.

Enjoy tonights upload, and happy halloween. :)