---
title: 342
sub_title: Silver boxes.
audio: 342
---

Tonights upload is another using the TR606 patch from a few days ago, along with a older but tweaked TB303 patch.

With this upload I wanted to create something that was raw and using a basic but strong set of drum sounds, namely based on my favourite drum machine. Also I wanted to further my experimenting with the 'gap' idea I have been playing with, the gap being a deliberate and large space between more clusters of sounds.

This upload has the sub bass of the 303-like wobble that probably fills in some of that gap, although I have balanced this sound to be low in frequency, so to be more audible on headphones than general speakers.

Generally I like to create my rhythm sounds to work as loud and sparse. The purpose of this is partly to do with the listening experience form headphones to speakers.

For example, when listened to on headphones, hopefully more detail can come through from around the sounds beneath the drums, or the drums themselves, with the addition of more audible bass. When listening speakers however, a generally much sparser rhythmical feel occurs. The loud hits of the drums are so much louder than the detail beneath, they slightly disguise it, with bass low enough to be less audible for general speakers to deliver.

This is the idea behind it at least, and more a direction than it having to be so.

Tomorrow I might work on some additional drum sounds to add to this bunch, we will see how it goes.

Lastly, some of you have mentioned the warmth or bass of the Nord Modular, so I thought I would mention the very beginning and very end of this upload is just Nord with almost no external EQ at all, certainly no bass is added. Generally I find within the Nord environment a high pass filter at the end of most patches is needed, and external bass is turned down, such is the bass of this machine.

I hope you enjoy tonights upload.