---
title: 343
sub_title: TB 303 or not TB…sorry.
audio: 343
---

Today I attempting another go at re-creating and understanding the Roland TB-303 in the Nord Modular environment.

The main issue with re-creating the sound and feel of the 303 in the Nord is achieving that classic slide from one note to another. The other main issue is perhaps I don't own a 303 to understand it better, and although I could boot up all manor of software emulations to do some tests, there is still perhaps one other main issue that halts the Nod re-creations, in that more interesting results that occur when things fail.

Todays upload is exactly what has happened, with both the low growl and more obvious 303 sound, but also the high pitched rattling bips also being 303 excursions.

For me I think there is something quite pleasing in finding those interesting alternatives just outside the realms of 303 sound territories, and in trying to reach a certain sound, much of the structure of the patch is led by this aim, and therefore things end up being creatively somewhere I could have never gotten to otherwise. Perhaps the same could also be said for the slightly awkward 303 sequencer.

I think I have found a new love for the TB-303's sound that I can't say I have ever had much before. I have never been a huge fan of its typical use, and although it has been used on some tracks in this way and to great affect, it is more its use in early Plastikman (who I believe also probably modified his, or emulated it in some way) or in the recent work of Andreas Tilliander and his TM-404 project, that have caught my ear. 

In both these cases the machines are being used to create, and not the other way around, resulting in an interesting sound that is coming out of a TB-303, and not a typical TB-303 sound coming out.

This reminds me slightly of more modern software coming packed full of the 'sound' of certain genres, preset sounds, fancy plugins, all catering for specific genres in such a way always leaves me thinking that if used like this, it would be sort of similar to using the TB-303 in replacement for the bands bass player, or the TR-606 to replace the drummer, we didn't we crated something new. Although saying this, perhaps it is time to use the 303 and 606 in just that way. :)

Obviously this isn't quite the case for all software, but there is always something more interesting when finding sound within technology, inside and around what it is intended for, that often yields something more interesting than what its genre or the presets and manual can suggest.

Anyway, its all just some thoughts I am having, but ultimately I hope you enjoy the upload.