---
title: 365
sub_title: Focus.
audio: 365
---

After yesterdays rather difficult upload, I thought for todays I would have another attempt at making what I was aiming for.

As is the case when creating something, the intention and result can often differ. I do however feel tonights upload is a little closer to what I was aiming for, although thats not to say this makes it in anyway better, although I have to say I probably prefer it :)

This attachment to an idea or the intention behind one that can be develop while creating something, is something that I am going to write about in a future post and so won't go into it much now. 

This future post, along with some others, have already been jotted down as rough working titles for me to work on for next years more focused mono-log posts. I can't wait to get to work on them.

I am tempted to share them now, but instead will just say they range from in the conceptual, theorectical aspects of electronic music sphere, to some more practical ideas in the actual listening, experiencing and producing music.

I did think to also do more technical or how to posts, but very quickly decided against this and mainly for two reasons. One reason is I don't really have any interest talking about the more technical side of things, but also there are some great other blogs that deal with more technical aspects with far more enthusiasm and knowledge than I ever could.

Tomorrows post is going to deal with something I have been asked by some of you to delve into more, and that is my process behind creating the uploads with the Nord Modular. 

I have been meaning to write about this for a while and so apologies for anyone waiting. It has actually been tricky to nail down exactly what and how I do it, without it being a long ramble by myself. I will hopefully write it will and ideally answer some questions along the way in what will be the last post focused about me and what I do, and fitting end to this year long project before the writing changes to more exciting stuff, namely everything else but me :)

I hope you enjoy tonights upload.