---
title: 322
sub_title: Pure patch experiments.
audio: 322
---

Firstly sorry for the late hour in getting this upload with you.

The main reason for the delay is I have been tracking down a hum in the audio somewhere, its been bugging me for a while but finally I have pretty much removed it. It wasn't caused by the Space Echo entirely but this was what was being affected the most. I am happy to report it now sounds even better and cleaner than it did, so I am happy I persisted in finding this hum.

The upload I am sharing tonight is not a track or sketch for one, but a pure patch experiment, a rarity in these uploads of late, and so apologies for the sound being a little different.

However, my excitement is in that the Nord patch experiment was a success.

One of the things I have been wanting to work out for a while in the Nord but never quite managed, is being able to create rhythmical patterns that can change through basic combination os oscillation. I realised this back when I heard one of the members of Autechre mentioning something similar many many years ago in a passing comment about the software they were using.

I hadn't thought about this idea seriously for sometime, and although in the back of my mind it has always been put on the back burner for various reasons. Today I was reminded when I listened back to the incredible <a href="https://soundcloud.com/minidisk/snd-at-the-shacklewell-arms" title="SND performance at Shacklewell Arms">SND performance at Shacklewell Arms</a>, and so decided I should try it out the idea in the Nord Modular.

Essentially it is using oscillation to determine if something is played or not, and with varying combinations of oscillation you get some pretty interesting shifting of patterns occur as it works out when and if to play. This is something that has always been important to me and the one remaining ingredient to the project Pokk! that I am still trying to nail.

I have only just scratched the service of this patch as I spent more time just exploring what it could do than actually getting something worth recording.

Still, I hope is it is interesting and enjoyable to listen to.