---
title: 247
sub_title: Bizarro?
audio: 247
---
A bit of an unusual one for tonights upload, really not sure what to make of it at the moment, maybe it isn't unusual and its just me?…ultimately its all about trying out something new.

It quite crazy to think I have uploaded 247 Nord Modular sounds. I mean this might be an odd thing to say, but after a while it doesn't really sink in anymore, and it takes a moment of pause to really consider the whole project again.

I guess after a while it sort of becomes normal again, through the regularity of doing, things adjust into something familiar and safe.

I was considering this while walking to work this morning. Although the area of work is not strictly new, the project, place and people I work with is all very new. I often wonder how long it will take until that new feeling moves aside and things become like any other day. At present I certainly feel like someone staying over at a friends house, forever asking permission to do anything.

I think I might ask for a set of keys. I have always felt keys are a sign of someone trusted and belonging to a place.

This slight displacement is quite possibly the reason for such an odd sounding upload. My mind is in a few different places at present and as have often been the case during this year long project, focus, direction and life changes. All to hear in some musical or sonic form.

Some random thoughts that I feel go well with a random sounding upload, and also stand as a reminder to me, of the many levels of engagement and how these play a part in feeling on top of things.

I will ask for some keys tomorrow.

Enjoy.