---
title: 309
sub_title: Decisions and directions.
audio: 309
---

The weekend has been filled with listening back to many of the uploads while deciding what and when certain uploads should be released on my new label Sm-ll launching next year.

I have to say, its been pretty tough trying to decide, but I have managed to settle on a collection of sketches that could take me nto a fair few releases to come.

I have always wanted ever since a young lad making music, a desire to find a system that deals with the creating of music for me, and I can then use this system to produce lots of sounds, and then dial in those sounds to work. The advantage of this being that I create the beginnings of tracks in an abstract way, far away from emotional creativity, and far more technical or calculating in my actions. Its after being given an output from the system that I would already be put somewhere creatively, responding to something already started as apposed to finding something within myself to direction my creativity.

Listening back to my uploads, not something I have done for a while, it suddenly dawned on me that the repetition of uploading something everyday, and the using of it much later is in a way doing almost exactly what I wanted back as a young lad. I create under all sorts of modes, generally I would have to say most of them is mainly routine more than a desire, and then I can find excitement in listening back, or collecting them into sets, or finding directions to pursue in them.

It came to me that often I have been undecided if to continue with the uploads each day, and after releasing this I have decided I might well continue creating an upload everyday, or every other day, but I just wont upload them, and maybe with other pieces of equipment. We will see.

Anyway, its late and after what has been an exhausting week, and as a result a generally less productive weekend, I will end here.

I hope you enjoy tonights 309th upload. Not many left to go now.

Thanks for listening and the support.