---
title: 318
sub_title: Patched perspective.
audio: 318
---
At the moment I have just finished my previous contract as Front End Developer at a small start up, and so my daily routine has all changed. Today I got the urge to create the upload and I think with it being that bit earlier in the day that what I would have been able to do when at working, my concentration levels are much higher.

I think because of this I have manage to include many of the little patching routines I have picked up along way in todays upload. It has resulted in a sound that is perhaps a little further in the exploration of the dub groove and rhythmical feel I have been working on.

I can't say that making sounds with more focus results in a better an outcome, as some of the uploads that I done tired and very late at night, although simple by comparison, have ended up some of my favourite uploads. It is often this simple uploads that begin a whole new direction. I would say however, the joy of making sounds more awake is much better, although I guess that is pretty obvious now I think about it. 

I guess my point is, if I really have one at all, is just because something seems rubbish at the time, it might be worth recording it all the same. Another day brings different ears. I am sure many of you already realise this, or have told yourself this or have even been told this already. I have certainly reminded myself of this many many times, but I always am amazed in creativity, which arguably has much of our emotion invested in it, one way or another it is easy to forget the obvious and let the emotions decide for us. 

I guess if I was to try and say all this in a sentence it would be this:

Sometimes a bit of perspective is all that it needs.

I hope you enjoy todays upload.