---
title: 410
sub_title: Any work or changes?
audio: 410
---

Recently I caught up with an old friend who I still haven't seen in over 5 years. Still? Well, when I say caught up, what I actually mean is chatted on Skype.

Talking with him got me thinking about how we engage with each other these days, how things have changed, and how these changes   may have left behind somethings that shouldn't have been left. That somethings might need to be brought back.

When I say things need to be brought back, i'm not speaking about nostalgia here, I don't want flared trousers coming back, although perhaps for some readers VHS would be far back in time enough, or maybe even thats too far, perhaps dial-up is sufficient. What I am talking about is something that can't be bought on e-Bay, can't be bought at Beyond Retro, and something that only exists with the generation who were there at the time. What I am talking about is how things were done and why things were done.

### Were to blame.

It is our generation that is responsible in teaching the next. We need to pass on what we know, how we did things, why we did them that way, paint a picture of our world, tell a story. But we don't lecture the new generation, we learn from them too. Their generation is just as unique and special as ours, there is no better generation, no better period. Each has it's own merits. The grass 'is' always greener.

Each generation has a reconfiguring of how things are, and each generation tries to understand the other from their perspective, but each fail. Their perspective is simply that, one of their time. As Wim Crouwell said "You are always a child of your time, and you cannot step out of that". What we can do though, is help teach each other a context, and if ever there was a time for building a context it would be now.

### Everyone has a record player in their shed.

Technology now is used in ways that we could never have imagined, and in the race to keep up with the new and latest way of doing something, we forget the importance of the certain ways things were done before. We know that times have changed but we sometimes easily believe that because of these changes, that the way of before is no longer useful, no longer applies, is no longer practiced. In actuality it is now that remembering how things were, why there were that way, and how they could be used today, that is the upmost importance.

### Find out who Jim Henson is.

We all remember how easy it was to get caught up in a trend, a way to dress, a way to speak, a way to behave. Well now those trends are more global and researchable than ever has been before. In the mass amount of easily accessible information, we skim, pick off the juicy parts, we get what we want and we just click away. But we are missing the point. We need the education, we need to be shown, we need to share, we need to communicate…really communicate. We need to understand that the 'share' button is a bunch of pixels, its actions defined somewhat by a computer. Sharing has been changed into a game of playground card trading, or maybe that is to far back for some, Pogs?, or maybe the latest mobile game? 

Go and watch some episodes of Sesame Street and learn about how we share. Watch Herbie Hancock teaching children about sampling and sounds using a Fairlight, and when you have learnt something, don't just simply copy-paste that link and leave it stranded like a hungry puppy, talk about it, share your knowledge, share your enthusiasm, share your ideas, teach each other, spend time with each other.

### Signing off.

When your next reporting back to the doll office, and they ask you "Any work or changes?"…you say YES, I've got something I need to tell you, I've got something important that I want to share with you, and I need you to listen to me.
