---
title: 408
sub_title: Fear.
audio: 408
---

We often have a fear of change. It can be something as small as trying a new food or as strange as actually doing what you wish you could. Stepping outside of the norm, making or doing something different. Doing something that you think isn't you, as if it isn't you who decides who you are. Weird isn't it.

We all experience fear in some shape or form, and often this fear can creep up on us without us really wanting to acknowledge it. Until it scares us that is. This fear needs to be faced, it needs to be tamed but ultimately it needs to be respected. Fear is a slippery customer.

I believe one fear left not faced will feed all the other fears until we cower away dodging fear until it builds and builds and we can't move or do anything in fear of… you get the picture.

Today I thought I conquered a fear, but I know deep down inside this is a lie. I didn't beat fear, I only cheated it instead. I tricked myself into believing I faced the fear and beat it, knocking it out of the ring. Really I just knocked it back a bit with a sneaky jab below the belt. It was probably unfair and wrong, but I guess the fear doesn't play by the rules either.

But I am ready for the second round, and I am ready for facing that fear again. Am I scared? You bet I am, I mean it wouldn't be called fear if I wasn't. And I think this is the trick, its not a case of removing fear, its about getting used to being scared. The next time fear shows its ugly face, scared is partnering up with brave while me and fear can go at it once more.

If we can understand fear to be a familiar foe, then we can always push against it to create better, be more extreme, push more, change things, and inspire others to do the same. We will begin to resist the temptation to navigate around fear, finding that safe route, finding that familiar creative mode, but look for another way, the way of looking at fear straight on.

If a question arrives at your feet in the guise of fear, daring you to answer? Then answer.
