---
title: 375
sub_title: From small to SM-LL
audio: 375
---
I wanted to very briefly outline some thoughts of a new label called SM-LL, a venture of mine that will begin its journey as a record label, but has a vision that will include a few other things along the way. I won't go into them in detail as thats for another time, but I wanted to breifly mention it here at Monolog for those of you who are interested and/or who might have some suggestions or ideas in the best ways of doing this, but also to clarify my own thoughts about it.

When I was growing up, I still am actually, but during the first part, I think for me the biggest problem with labels and artists was during that period when they started getting 'better'. When I say better, what I actually mean is 'popular'. For me popularity was not something and probably still isn't something I am a particular fan of.

With popularity comes a challenge on focus, a challenge on thoe aims and direction. The artist or label that becomes popular has a danger of becoming greedy or lost in they own popularity, and can perhaps for right or wrong reasons, mistake popularity for progress or development. This is something I want to be very careful of, as they are two very differnt things.

For me personally, and more importantly for the idea behind SM-LL, is something I find best explained in a short mantra.

From small to SM-LL.

SM-LL is about creating from a perspective of the niche, supporting that niche. An aim to with SM-LL is not a desire to move out of the niche, to leave behind what I love and support to 'bigger, greater things'…whatever that exactly means, but to bring an attention to the niche, to believe in it, to have it supported, to ensure it is understood, how delicate and easily damaged it can become through popularity.

Ultimately it is about staying true and making the right decisions for the right reasons.
