---
title: 409
sub_title: Goldfish.
audio: 409
---

Something I have been wanting to write about for a little while now is something I like to call 'finding the goldfish', but first a little back story.

As some of you might already know I work as a front-end web developer, and am lucky enough to work with some amazingly talented and beautiful people. More important than that, I get to try stuff out with them. I've always believed that a creative person being told what to do is like tying an animal to a garden pole… its just plain cruel, but where I work, they let us run free with ideas, and run is exactly what we do.

A little while ago I was working with the graphic designer on creating some illustrations for particular businesses, and for some reason the idea of a goldfish seemed to fit that of accountants. After researching a little I remembered that Goldfish Credit Cards used the goldfish as part of their campaign. With this finding, combined with the ideas of stress relief, work desk objects and the general idea of purity with gold, it seemed like a solid but slightly unusual idea.

A few of us put it to others in the team but they couldn't see the connection. A goldfish and accountants just seemed weird. We felt that although there were many more obvious options, I won't mention any here as I am sure you can think of them yourself, it was this very fact that almost anyone could come up with them, that the idea of exploring the goldfish seemed all the more important.

What happened next was a gathering of people around one computer screen discussing the goldfish. To me and some of our team this was incredible. It wasn't so much in the outcome of the illustration that we learned, but in choosing an unexpected and challenging option or route. We created excitement, discussion and energy in the group. We got passionate.

Eventually we did all agree that another illustration would be best, but now our team are trying to find where this goldfish can be used and how. We already have some fun ideas for it. What  started and could as easily finished as something obvious, turned into something much greater, exciting and unexpected.

Now when we brainstorm in our team, the idea of 'finding the goldfish' is very much a key strategy. This method might sound familiar and much like thinking outside the box, but where as thinking outside the box is often an over used collection of words thrown around, 'find the goldfish' means something more specific to us, it has a story and experience that we all shared attached. This story, this experience is the key.

In all my creative work, I have always tried to find the goldfish, and it is equally satisfying when I find the goldfish in other peoples work too. It's hard to look for and often you find it by mistake, but you won't find it at all unless you know it exists, and that goldfish does exist for everyone. 

Whatever your creating right now, be it music, sound installation, graphics, web design or writing, whatever it might be, seek out and find that goldfish, it desperately needs feeding.