---
title: 374
sub_title: Times of change. Staying focused.
audio: 374
---
In those moments that routine, focus and repetition all fall victim to disruption, it can be extremely hard to stay on track as to what is important. When trying to prioritise those new additions to the day, it can seem all important, and there simply isn't enough time in that day to fit them all in…and to be fair there probably isn't.

Already within the second time writing something for the blog in the early hours, being able to actually switch my brain on and get a little something done is beginning to feel familiar all of a sudden. 

The sky turning a slightly different shade of that dark blue. The sound of the morning, the ticking of the stove as it cools after coffee making. Various small lights turned on around the studio, my lamp directed at my desk, keeping the room illuminated just enough.

The feeling of familiarity, repetition, focus, is already starting to return to what is important, and my understanding and appreciation of the situation presently gives me some comfort, knowing what can be done because of it.

I think for me a lessoned is learned, from realising the importance of engaging in the life before and around me, and the decisions and the implications of those decisions.

Call it old age, call it new age, call it whatever you like, but define it by engaging in what is important to you. That thing whatever it is, that brings that familiar feeling back inside your gut. Follow that! and make great things happen.
