---
title: 395
sub_title: Deep and dark.
audio: 395
---
Through every change in life comes the unexpected, challenging and fearful times. It is important to face these fears and unknowns head on in the most decent, respectful and best way possible. To be patient, honest, understanding both to your own beliefs, feelings and aspirations, but also to others.

It is as important to listen as it is to speak, perhaps more so. What we say it largely based on what we hear, whether what we hear is from our own mouth or another.

To be fearful of the unknown, to hide and be content, safe and secure, is living dishonest to oneself and to others. However difficult it might be, eventually it has to come out and be respectfully dealt with. Those that care will either stay or go, but the result will be one made on good terms not bad.

Life should be about change, change is something that can happen so quickly, that we need to be ready for it, embrace it when it happens and try to know when to understand and when to let it be. Certain things just happen or need to happen and it is often a balance between sensible and gut instinct that we make our decision on these happenings. However, gut instinct is really all that needs to be listened to, not sensible. Sensible is about fitting it to the now, but change is about the future where the now is no longer present, its past.

Sensible is just that, sensible, it doesn't mean its true.

Listen to the gut, and be patient in how you speak for it. There is no rush for a better future, you will get there eventually.


