---
title: 389
sub_title: It's about an idea.
audio: 389
---
For those that might be wondering, and so you should be, SM-LL is coming, it will happen, and it will happen very soon.

In the quite intimidating arrival of so much music and so many labels one could wonder why is there the need for yet another label?

It is a very good question, and one I think should be asked. I certainly asked myself this question many, many times. This very question is partially the reason why I have held off starting a label for such a long time.

For me, there wasn't so much a desire to start a label for my own benefits, there was no real urge to have my own music heard, but more a deep down belief of a sound, of an idea, of a community and future, that just needed to be explored.

It just seemed to creep up on me, tap me on the shoulder and say, get off your arse, and do something about it.

I expect, and hope to be liked as much as hated, applauded as much as criticised, and learn as much as I love along the way. I have a strong belief in doing something right or not at all.

I am more interested in a mindset, a perspective, a courage, a dedication to questioning. I believe in making something as difficult for the creator as might be for the listener. I believe we have been surrounded in to much, that a pace needed has insisted we go for safe, when perhaps unsafe, unsure, dismantled, broken and new might be a better step forward.

I believe, and can hear a lot of amazing talent out there, breathtaking even…but I think we can push it a bit more, hell, we can push it a lot more. I believe there are many ears out there for something exciting, and need a world to be invested in again, to meet and greet in, to belong, communicate, share and believe in.

A label is not about me, its about everyone.
