---
title: 368
sub_title: Identification through sound, a sticker on a speaker.
audio: 368
---
### MOTIVATED DIRECTION ###

Finding an original voice is common concern for many of the artists I speak to. An urgency to be original seems often the main motivation to create.

Although creating original work might seem great, it always seems strange that the want to be original is the main thing that drives this creativity.

This reminded me of something I stumbled across as a teenager that I used when creating music of my own, that has always stuck with me and still being used till this day. 

### THE STICKER ###

As a teenager a sticker was often an exciting thing, although where to put it was never something I could make my mind up over.  Eventually after various errors in sticking, I settled on my speakers being the safest place to stick. The speaker directly above my studio equipment had one sticker that was music related, the Aphex Twin logo.

I remember looking at this sticker a lot while creating music, and found in that logo everything I aspired to be musically. As a young kid this gave me a great deal of focus and direction, a goal and reminder of what hard work creating music might provide.

Although I don't have stickers on my speakers today, I do notice how I still use visual indicators in similar ways as the sticker in focusing my direction.

Today the sticker is replaced with colour, arrangement and specifically picked equipment, equipment that I take time to arrange nicely to show the white of the desk its on, and a selection that has to look as good as it sounds. Being able to see something easily not only helps me use it, but makes me think about differently, when or want to use for. It seems odd but I really believe these sorts of things make big differences.

I have noticed similar things in other peoples studio. They too seem to enjoy the arrangement of their machines, re-wiring or re-arranging the set-up. They might also have a specific image hanging on a nearby the wall, a visual reminder or clue to what they do, how they feel about themselves, or where they want to be perhaps. All reference points to bring focus and influence to their sounds.

### FINDING YOUR SOUND ###

I have found after creating something within this personally tailored world that surrounds us in reminders, there is need for  another environment away from these visual triggers to really identify and develop your own voice.

The visual indications seem so strong in telling us what something should or could sound like, where we are or what our mind is thinking towards, that it is difficult to think outside of this world to really find what is actually sonically interesting in what we have just created.

Often we hear we should listen to our music in different rooms, normally for acoustic or technical reasons such as different speakers freqeuncies. However, I would suggest using different rooms to also remove these visual indications we use to create, to replace them with those we can associate with listening, allowing us to listen differently.

It seems that a combination of using visual indicators in the studio while creating married with a seperate listenng environment entirely, works as a really good partnering in the process of creating then developing.

If you haven't given these things much thought before, give it a try next time and see what you think and if you notice any difference.