---
title: 509
sub_title: Since the previous post
---

Since the previous post, I have been enjoying my Yamaha QX1 a great deal. I have even bought a DX7 to match, and with this combination of the two, I have hit a nice creative surge.

I wouldn’t say I have had more time in the studio, probably quite the opposite, but what time I have spent in there, has been met with the slow and tricky sequencing approach that is evident when using the QX1.

Using a machine that ensures not much gets down, also ensures that what is done, is rather simple. This simplicity in turn, ensures what is there, needs to sound good. The arrangement of sounds and what those sounds are, become more important than before. In addition to this sound and structure, my perception of these elements and what constitutes good, is challenged as well.

I literally have to spend time creating and considering sound and structure, and what is not to like about that.

This realisation led me to think about other machines that pose a similar approach. I obviously begun to think again about the Nord Modular G1, a machine that has not been seeing as much use as previous years. I remember the learning curve with the G1, and how this initially posed a rather slow approach, but this has since been largely removed as I have learnt the machine. Today I find using the Nord Modular G1 quite a quick machine to build something in, and things, or patches, can get rather large or complex quite quickly.

It was then I remembered the <a href="http://www.stage-engine.com/micro-modular-1/" target="_blank">Nord Modular G2 Demo</a>, a limited software version of the hardware G2 and I believe, something of a promotional tool for the G2. This software is incredibly limiting both in the amount of modules available and how many of the available modules you can use at once. It thankfully allows you to save your patches and doesn’t force any random time limitations upon you, which, ironically, I rather dislike. I can’t say I am a big fan of major arbitrary factors influencing creating music. Randomness within sound, like fluctuations from old or unstable machines is great, but a software time out reminds me more of the electric suddenly going out… your turn to put some money on the leccy mate.

Sitting at the kitchen table with the G2 Demo, away from the studio, puts me in a mental position of fun and playing. Nothing serious here, just mucking about while the kettle is on, as it should always be.

A few hours in with the G2 Demo, and I have a handful of sketches built around one single very simple patch. A combination of filters, bass, delays, reverb, pulse clicks, stereo positioning and the emergence of structure using the qwerty undo ‘cmd z’. It sounds exciting, I feel excited, and so I leave it.

Months later, again I am sat at the kitchen table and think to check in with those patches I almost forgot about. A few hours later, those patches have been jammed into recordings and I think, I have a new Pokk! album.

Things shouldn’t be this quick right? Surely we should spend years working in the studio?

pfft…

Weeks past, a master is done and the Pokk! album has been released as a Default release on the label <a href="http://www.sm-ll.com/" target="_blank">SM-LL</a>, <a href="https://sm-ll.bandcamp.com/album/pokk-default-0010" target="_blank">Default 0010</a>.

I am sharing the excerpt of all the tracks as todays upload and if you like what you hear, or more interestingly simply want to hear more, you can buy it at the link below.

<a href="https://sm-ll.bandcamp.com/album/pokk-default-0010" target="_blank">Pokk! - Default 0010, released May 4, 2017</a>